docs: update docs (#1446)
kkrt-labs/kakarot: docs/general/kakarot_components.md

# Kakarot Components and Deployment

The entire Kakarot protocol is composed of 2 different kind of Starknet
contracts:

- Kakarot
- Accounts (EOA & Contract Accounts)

## Kakarot

The main Kakarot contract is located at:
[`./src/kakarot/kakarot.cairo`](../../src/kakarot/kakarot.cairo).

> This is the core contract which is capable of executing decoded ethereum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the core contract which is capable of executing ethereum
```

> transactions thanks to its `eth_send_raw_transaction` and `eth_call` entrypoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transactions thanks to its `eth_send_raw_unsigned_tx` and `eth_call` entrypoint
```

> (defined in [`./src/kakarot/eth_rpc.cairo`](../../src/kakarot/eth_rpc.cairo)).

Reviewer: and `eth_send_raw_unsigned_transaction`

> Currently, Argent or Braavos accounts contracts don't work with Kakarot.

Reviewer: actually they work in general, but would fail with account using a cairo_precompile call

Reviewer: uhm, wondering if the `get_evm_address` would create an issue, let's say that it's not working for now
